# TwoFaTemplateResource

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**TemplateId** | Pointer to **int32** | Unique, automatically generated by a system identifier of the template within the TwoFA service. | [optional] 
**Name** | Pointer to **string** | Name of the template.  A string of 3 to 50 characters. | [optional] 
**Text** | Pointer to **string** | The text of the template message. | [optional] 
**Countries** | Pointer to **[]string** | Two-letter country code(s) for which the template must apply. Sending messages with the OTP code will only be possible if the recipient’s number belongs to the country you specify for the template. | [optional] 
**Status** | Pointer to [**OtpTemplateStatus**](OtpTemplateStatus.md) |  | [optional] 
**UpdatedAt** | Pointer to **time.Time** | Date and time of the last change of the template in ISO 8601 format. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewTwoFaTemplateResource

`func NewTwoFaTemplateResource() *TwoFaTemplateResource`

NewTwoFaTemplateResource instantiates a new TwoFaTemplateResource object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewTwoFaTemplateResourceWithDefaults

`func NewTwoFaTemplateResourceWithDefaults() *TwoFaTemplateResource`

NewTwoFaTemplateResourceWithDefaults instantiates a new TwoFaTemplateResource object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetTemplateId

`func (o *TwoFaTemplateResource) GetTemplateId() int32`

GetTemplateId returns the TemplateId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTemplateIdOk

`func (o *TwoFaTemplateResource) GetTemplateIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetTemplateIdOk returns a tuple with the TemplateId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTemplateId

`func (o *TwoFaTemplateResource) SetTemplateId(v int32)`

SetTemplateId sets TemplateId field to given value.

### HasTemplateId

`func (o *TwoFaTemplateResource) HasTemplateId() bool`

HasTemplateId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetName

`func (o *TwoFaTemplateResource) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *TwoFaTemplateResource) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *TwoFaTemplateResource) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *TwoFaTemplateResource) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetText

`func (o *TwoFaTemplateResource) GetText() string`

GetText returns the Text field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTextOk

`func (o *TwoFaTemplateResource) GetTextOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTextOk returns a tuple with the Text field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetText

`func (o *TwoFaTemplateResource) SetText(v string)`

SetText sets Text field to given value.

### HasText

`func (o *TwoFaTemplateResource) HasText() bool`

HasText returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCountries

`func (o *TwoFaTemplateResource) GetCountries() []string`

GetCountries returns the Countries field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCountriesOk

`func (o *TwoFaTemplateResource) GetCountriesOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetCountriesOk returns a tuple with the Countries field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCountries

`func (o *TwoFaTemplateResource) SetCountries(v []string)`

SetCountries sets Countries field to given value.

### HasCountries

`func (o *TwoFaTemplateResource) HasCountries() bool`

HasCountries returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStatus

`func (o *TwoFaTemplateResource) GetStatus() OtpTemplateStatus`

GetStatus returns the Status field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatusOk

`func (o *TwoFaTemplateResource) GetStatusOk() (*OtpTemplateStatus, bool)`

GetStatusOk returns a tuple with the Status field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatus

`func (o *TwoFaTemplateResource) SetStatus(v OtpTemplateStatus)`

SetStatus sets Status field to given value.

### HasStatus

`func (o *TwoFaTemplateResource) HasStatus() bool`

HasStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUpdatedAt

`func (o *TwoFaTemplateResource) GetUpdatedAt() time.Time`

GetUpdatedAt returns the UpdatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUpdatedAtOk

`func (o *TwoFaTemplateResource) GetUpdatedAtOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetUpdatedAtOk returns a tuple with the UpdatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUpdatedAt

`func (o *TwoFaTemplateResource) SetUpdatedAt(v time.Time)`

SetUpdatedAt sets UpdatedAt field to given value.

### HasUpdatedAt

`func (o *TwoFaTemplateResource) HasUpdatedAt() bool`

HasUpdatedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


